---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
category: '245'
track1_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/weareking-1/02-king-the-greatest'
track3_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/kadhja-bonet/honeycomb-1'
guest_color: dreamy
guest_name: infinite bisous
author: MailTape Crew
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
track1_title: h hunt - rice wine
track4_title: infinite bisous - life + you
track4_color: dreamy
track6_title: Ménage à Trois - Conditional Love
track6_color: dreamy
track7_title: Ben Ji - Anchors
track7_color: vibrant
track2_title: Cluster - Sowiesoso
track2_color: trippy
track3_title: Haruomi Hosono - Pleocene (プリオシーヌ)
track3_color: vibrant
track5_title: These New Puritans - This Guy's In Love With You
track1_color: dreamy
track5_color: bliss
track2_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/nettwerkmusicgroup/love-came-here'
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, -----
</p>


# **infinite bisous’ selection**

+ ## h hunt - rice wine
_infinite bisous_: **"**harry and i have been close friends since we were about 13, last year i recorded him playing piano in paris, as a present for his dad. it's a record i'm very proud to have taken part in, even if in a small way. i listen to it a lot when cooking, or falling asleep. 'rice wine' is a beautiful example of a piece of music which itself takes time to wake up, and so it is perfect to wake up with.**"**

+ ## Cluster - Sowiesoso
_infinite bisous_: **"**so, you stayed at my place, we already listened to 'rice wine', i'm in the other room makin' breakfast and i've opened the blinds and left this on. that's a nice morning to me.**"**

+ ## Haruomi Hosono - Pleocene
_infinite bisous_: **"**a real sunday classic here; this is a 'socks on' kind of moment, not yet got ya trousies on but you're feelin like "this is gonna be a good one".**"**


# Mailtape's selection

+ ## infinite bisous - life + you
_Inès_: **"**???????**"**

+ ## ?????
_Inès_: **"**en attente**"**


+ ## Ménage à Trois - Conditional Love
_Inès_: **"**This song feels like being in a car, windows open, driving endlessly on a hot summer day, the wind blowing inside making the temperature perfect, wearing sunglasses, foolishly smiling.**"**

+ ## Ben Ji - Anchors
_Inès_: **"**I couldn’t stop listening to this song after hearing it for the first time and I still don’t really know why. It’s a bit all over the place. It’s like that tiny hyperactive moment after your first coffee, when you feel like you can do anything and nothing can stop you.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That’s all folks! Thanks to [infinite bisous](https://www.facebook.com/infinitebisous/ "Facebook") for his participation and Pierre-Julien for the illustration. Have an ???? Sunday! </p>
